[KYUUBI #1866][DOCS] Add flink sql engine quick start (#2106)
apache/incubator-kyuubi: docs/quick_start/quick_start.md

## Requirements

These are essential components required for Kyuubi to startup.

> For quick start deployment, the only thing you need is `JAVA_HOME` and `SPARK_HOME` being correctly set.

Reviewer: Why do you remove this line? The `JAVA_HOME` is the only thing uses need.

Components| Role | Optional | Version | Remarks
--- | --- | --- | --- | ---
Java | Java<br>Runtime<br>Environment | Required | Java 8/11 | Kyuubi is pre-built with Java 8
Spark | Distributed<br>SQL<br>Engine | Optional | 3.0.0 and above | By default Kyuubi binary release is delivered without<br> a Spark tarball.

> Flink | Distributed<br>SQL<br>Engine | Optional | 1.14.x | By default Kyuubi binary release is delivered without<br> a Flink tarball.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flink | Distributed<br>SQL<br>Engine | Optional | 1.15.0 and above | By default Kyuubi binary release is delivered without<br> a Flink tarball.
```

## Running Kyuubi

> As mentioned above, for a quick start deployment, then you need to be sure is that your java runtime environment is correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned above, for a quick start deployment, then only you need to be sure is that your java runtime environment is correct.
```
